Update module release docs (#226)
voxpupuli/voxpupuli.github.io: _docs/releasing_version.md

CHANGELOG_GITHUB_TOKEN='mytoken' bundle exec rake changelog
```

The changelog generator checks for certain labels on closed issues and PRs since the last release and groups them together. Backwards incompatible changes require a major release.

> If only bug fixes were merged, a patch release is suggested. If both isn't the case, continue with a minor release. Check the generated diff for the CHANGELOG.md. If your chosen

Reviewer: Not quite following `If both isn't the case`. Both what?

Author: ah. What I meant: If the Changelog does not
* only contain merged PRs that are labeled `bug` 
* only contain merged PRs that are labeled `backwards-incompatible`

then go on with a minor release

Author: let me know if you've a better wording in mind :)

Reviewer 2: > If the changes were neither backwards-incompatible nor only bug fixes, make a minor release.

Author: updated it

> release version doesn't fit to the generated changelog, update metadata.json and run the changelog task again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
release version doesn't match the generated changelog, update metadata.json and run the changelog task again.
```
